Hey what's going on guys in this lesson we go ahead and keep creating our basic building blocks for
the word breastfeeding.
So picking up where we left off in the last lesson.
I'm going to start by selecting this region that will become later on the thing.
Heller the selection will have to go from the beginning of the age amount should the end of the header
tag is part of the code is going to be repeated on every page.
So let's cut out the selection
save file and create a new one the name of this new file is going to be header heterodoxy BHB Rosello
that's the name of this file have to be header B yet it must be header that BHB.
And later on you understand why no need to paste everything you just copy it in there.
And now we have our header that will repeat at the top for all pages are in.
Let's go back to the next that.
In the next election we go from the footer tag to the end of the file.
Let's select and cut again and let's create another file called footer that BHP and again integration
doesn't have to be footer.
Yes it must be footer that the edge be
what is left now.
We correspond to our index that BGP file the dynamic part of the scene.
OK.
Well what happens if you open the home page right now.
So let's flip tabs now and go over to our browser.
By the way for now and the end of the scores I'll be using Firefox Developer Edition as our main browser.
I believe it's a good choice since it's a browser tailored for web developers.
So let's give it a try as you can see.
Nothing came up.
But if we inspect the code you'll see that we have the HDMI else structure with abody the content the
tags.
But look do you remember that we had left the paragraphs we serve as a reference to us where is that
paragraph and I thing I told you about a class function with some classes inside the body tag.
Hey Marcello I think it didn't work.
You may see there are all of those glasses everyone who has a basic understanding of BHB knows that
we can load bytes of a PH file with the include command where press has some functions similar to this
but a bit different.
There are very specific WordPress functions that can load the header and the food in our index that
BHP will load the headers from here up and the footer from here down.
So we have to load them here and here.
But how we do that.
All right we'll be using two basic WordPress functions that are get on the score header misfunction
loads a file that is named header that page.
And now you understand why this file must be called header.
Please be OK.
And the other function.
Can you imagine what it's called.
Yes.
Get on the score footer.
Let's see if it all this works.
So let's go back to Firefox.
And refresh the homepage.
And here it is.
Now our paragraph is showing that referenced paragraph from the header file and also the name of the
page is showing up coming from the age H.M. title tag and inspect the page as I told you that function
in the body finally word.
Look here.
Class home and blog.
So the home page has these two classes we could use CSSA and create a specific Karylle for all H-1 paragraphs
which belong to the home page.
For example they would be different from those on the inner pages on thing.
This is just a very simple example but it can make even more complex things.
So Marcello does it mean that if I download the thing from the Internet let's say a pure HVM Alphyn
not created for Wordpress or that template I created myself.
Also in pure age email baseplate them the way you just start to work.
Of course that will work.
But first you have to be aware of a couple of things.
For example you have to create a new folder create a new style that says file with the rules.
I explained in the previous lessons and split the template index file into three.
I'm going to use as an example a template that I downloaded from a free ational template Web site.
It will be available to you as additional material for this course.
OK.
The same page has an index that H.M.S. on file.
If you open up this file we will visually see that the same page also has a header that repeats on all
pages.
It has a whole page going down.
I have the whole home page and then the footer.
If we click to open a new page we have the same footer here.
Let's go ahead and inspect the code.
We can see that this upper area here has a class of Nerf bar.
If we open the index that H.M. file in sublime I see if we can't find this nav bar class.
Now pay attention this whole region here would correspond to the head of that speech file.
If we were in a WordPress theme let's cut out this whole part and replace the contents of the head of
that file.
Now let's identify where our footer starts.
It starts here in the tag.
Let's look for the stack in the index not a G-mail file.
So we found it here.
Now let's get out this whole region here and pasted inside different Abebe of our theme
and the remainder of the code will be relative to the next that page.
Let's cut it out and replace the next dot BHB.
But of course let's just leave the cost to the get header and get footer functions.
Now if you look at the home page again let's refresh the page
I can see that what is showing here is the structure of that 20:00 template that we downloaded.
Well of course as you can see here the base is completely broken and one because the files from this
downloaded thing don't exist in our themes folder.
If we check the header database file you'll see that the path of the CSSA files points to files that
don't exist that we simply don't have.
But the basic idea is here given to you.
But of course if it's your intention you have to make no adjustments to make the code work within Wordpress
and that's it in the next lesson.
You're going to learn how to load starship's that in wordpress the right way.
So see then happy coding.